Reverse wrong 'Fix grammar' (#19917)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/client-side_web_apis/manipulating_documents/index.md

7. Append the span and the button as children of the list item.
8. Set the text content of the span to the input element value you saved earlier, and the text content of the button to 'Delete'.
9. Append the list item as a child of the list.

> 10. Attach an event handler to the delete button, so that when clicked it will delete the entire list item it is inside.

Reviewer: Usually, this means that, though correct, the original is not clear enough. What about:

```suggestion
10. Attach an event handler to the delete button so that, when clicked, it will delete the entire list item containing it.
```

Reviewer 2: Depending on the reader and the sentence we choose, the `it` can refer to the event handler, delete button, or list item.

We need to explicitly specify what we mean by the list item.
```suggestion
10. Attach an event handler to the delete button so that, when clicked, it will delete the entire list item (`<li>...</li>`).
```

Reviewer: Good point. Let's go with this.
